Project milestone (November 18th)

The 1st draft of the project is due November 18th (6:00am) on Blackboard.



Requirement: Up to 4 pages in the NIPS format (see below) [4 pages on this format is quite short]



    Your submission may include figures/tables which graphically illustrate quantitative aspects of your results, such as training/testing error curves, learning curves, learned parameters, algorithm outputs, etc
    Your submission must include at least 2 references to previous published papers or book sections. Please include page numbers for all references to indicate that you actually looked at the paper you are referencing.
    Your submission should look like a short paper: include an introduction to motivate your problem and model, a section describing your approach (and how it compares to previous work if you are proposing something new), a section outlining the experiments you will be running for your final report and some preliminary results.



Evaluation Criteria

The following criteria will be taken into account roughly equally when scoring your work:

    Clarity of problem statement and description of approach.
    Ambition, originality.
    Discussion of what you have learned and how it was applied to your problem.
    Design and execution of experiments, or presentation of theoretical analysis of the proposed approach.



Advice:

    Be honest, you are not being scored for how good your results look. It is much more important to clearly formulate the problem, appropriately describe your method, and show your results support some conclusion (even if the conclusion is that the results are inconclusive).
    Determine early if your project is too hard. Abandon it ASAP if it does not look like you can complete it. We can talk about any challenges you are facing.
    Avoid easy mistakes like testing on your training data, set hyper-parameters using your test data (cheating), having your test loss being smaller than your training loss, include plots with unlabeled axes, use undefined variables in your equations, etc.



Please use LaTeX following the NIPS format:

https://www.cs.purdue.edu/homes/ribeirob/courses/Fall2018/hw/nips_2016.tex

https://www.cs.purdue.edu/homes/ribeirob/courses/Fall2018/hw/nips_2016.sty